hello Dave here hey I'm going to show
you how to possibly save your life I
have a kayak equinox 10.4 this is it
here and went in it capsized is over
with a giant wave coming from a barge
ferry tugboat a very big boat the whole
thing stays submerged under the water so
if you have a kayak that's like this it
fills up and can fill up full of water
all the way down there okay I suggest
that you make it a little more buoyant
by going and getting a couple buoys tuck
some buoys in here you see I've got some
rope on them I got some booties there's
two buoys blue on each side this side
and this side okay they tuck in there
and they're a little more buoyant so
basically I drilled a hole through the
top up here added a couple couple ropes
to hold the buoys in I took the buoys on
the inside in here okay so basically
when the thing flips over and it stays
up a little bit better but I lost all my
salmon gear and I flipped over in the
Puget Sound very cold water very
dangerous effect but when you're trying
to swim you're pulling the entire kayak
with you that submerged under the water
so put some buoys on it make yourself
safer and always wear a life jacket
always always wear a life jacket
save your life put some buoys on there
hey I got to get out of here it's
starting to rain laters